Fix assert documentation (#1812)
0xMiden/miden-vm: docs/src/user_docs/assembly/field_operations.md

| assert_eq <br> - *(2 cycles)*   | [b, a, ...] | [...]         | If $a = b$, removes them from the stack. <br> Fails if $a \ne b$ |
| assert_eqw <br> - *(11 cycles)* | [B, A, ...] | [...]         | If $A = B$, removes them from the stack. <br> Fails if $A \ne B$ |

The above instructions can also be parametrized with an error message which can be specified either directly or via a [named constant](./code_organization.md#constants). For example:
```
u32assert.err="Division by zero"
u32assert.err=MY_CONSTANT
```

> The message is hashed and turned into a felt. If the error code is omitted, the default value of $0$ is assumed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The message is hashed and turned into a field element. If the error code is omitted, the default value of $0$ is assumed.
```
